---
layout: post
title: Cookie Policy
show_tile: false
class: cookies
---
<style>
    #cookie-notice a {display: inline-block; cursor: pointer; margin-left: 0.5rem;}
    @media (max-width: 767px) {
        #cookie-notice span {display: block; padding-top: 3px; margin-bottom: 1rem;}
        #cookie-notice a {position: relative; bottom: 4px;}
    }
</style>
<h6>Last Updated Apr 01, 2021</h6>
<p>GrokSwap ("us", "we", or "our") uses cookies on https://growswap.com and other digital services (the "Service"). By using the Service, you consent to the use of essential cookies.</p>
<p>Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third-parties we may partner with may use cookies on the Service, your choices regarding cookies and further information about cookies.</p>
<h5>What are cookies</h5>
<p>Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Service or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the Service more useful to you. Cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies.</p>
<h5>How GrokSwap uses cookies</h5>
<p>When you use and access the Service, we may place a number of cookies files in your web browser.</p>
<p>We may use cookies for the following purposes: to enable certain functions of the Service, to provide analytics, to store your preferences, to enable advertisements delivery, including behavioral advertising.</p>
<p>We may use essential cookies to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts.</p>
<h5>Third-party cookies</h5>
<p>We have integrated various tools from different companies into our website, which allow us to evaluate user behavior or to establish links with other websites.</p>
<h6>Google Analytics</h6>
<p>Google Analytics is integrated on this website. Google Analytics is a web analytics service. Web analysis is the gathering, collection and analysis of data about the behavior of visitors to websites. Among other things, a web analysis service collects data on which website a data subject has come to a website from (so-called referrers), which subpages of the website were accessed or how often and for which period of time a subpage was viewed. A web analysis is mainly used to optimize a website and for the cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising.</p>
<p>The operator of the Google Analytics component is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA. Google Analytics uses cookies. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google might transfer the personal information collected via this technical procedure to third parties.</p>
<p>As IP anonymization is activated on our website, your IP address will be shortened by Google within Member States of the European Union or other states in agreement with the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by a Google server in the USA. On behalf of the operator of the website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compile reports on website activity and to provide further services related to website and internet use to us. The IP address transferred through your browser to Google Analytics will not be combined with other data held by Google.</p>
<p>In addition, this Service uses the Analytics feature UserID to track interaction data. This User ID will be additionally anonymized and encrypted and will not be linked with other data.</p>
<p>You can prevent the storage of cookies by a corresponding setting of your browser software; however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use all the features of this website to the fullest extent possible. You can also decline the use of cookies below.</p>
<h5>User Preferences</h5>
<p>You may change you preferences at any time by choosing to either accept or decline our use of cookies.</p>
<div><a id="cookie-notice-accept" class="button">Accept</a><a id="cookie-notice-decline" class="button">Decline</a></div>
<script>
    function readCookie(name) {
        var nameEQ = name + "=";
        var ca = document.cookie.split(';');
        for(var i=0;i < ca.length;i++) {
            var c = ca[i];
            while (c.charAt(0)==' ') c = c.substring(1,c.length);
            if (c.indexOf(nameEQ) == 0) return c.substring(nameEQ.length,c.length);
        }
        return null;
    }

    function createCookie(name,value,days) {
        var expires = "";
        if (days) {
            var date = new Date();
            date.setTime(date.getTime() + (days*24*60*60*1000));
            expires = "; expires=" + date.toUTCString();
        }
        document.cookie = name + "=" + value + expires + "; path=/";
    }

    function eraseCookie(name) {
        createCookie(name,"",-1);
    }

    if(readCookie('cookie-notice-dismissed')=='true') {
        console.log('cookies approved');
    } else {
        document.getElementById('cookie-notice').style.display = 'block';
    }
    document.getElementById('cookie-notice-accept').addEventListener("click",function() {
        createCookie('cookie-notice-dismissed','true',31);
        document.getElementById('cookie-notice').style.display = 'none';
        location.reload();
    });
    document.getElementById('cookie-notice-decline').addEventListener("click",function() {
        console.log('cookies declined');
        eraseCookie('cookie-notice-dismissed', '', -1);
    });

</script>